Updated Readme. (#11)
balena-io-playground/sense-hat-base-application: README.md

[Success]  Successfully uploaded images
[Success]  Release successfully created!
[Info]     Release: f4e3925bf7d32226365225e1b7201b90 (id: 89693)
[Info]     ┌─────────┬────────────┬────────────┐
[Info]     │ Service │ Image Size │ Build Time │
[Info]     ├─────────┼────────────┼────────────┤
[Info]     │ main    │ 205.13 MB  │ 1 second   │
[Info]     └─────────┴────────────┴────────────┘
[Info]     Build finished in 7 seconds
                \
                 \
                  \\
                   \\
                    >\/7
                _.-(6'  \
               (=___._/` \
                    )  \ |
                   /   / |
                  /    > /
                 j    < _\
             _.-' :      ``.
             \ r=._\        `.
            <`\\_  \         .`-.
             \ r-7  `-. ._  ' .  `\
              \`,      `-.`7  7)   )
               \/         \|  \'  / `-._
                          ||    .'
                           \\  (
                            >\  >
                        ,.-' >.'
                       <.'_.''
                         <'
```

This means your code is safely built and stored on our image registry.

> Your application will now be downloaded and executed by the device you have connected in your application fleet. This may take a few minutes, and you can watch the status of the download in your application dashboard.  Your balenaCloud dashboard should look a bit like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your container will now be downloaded and run by the device you have provisioned in your fleet. This may take a few minutes, and you can watch the status of the download on the device page of the dashboard. It should look a bit like this:
```
